LOL oh boys and girls this is on the
feel of course and i'm here to bring you
guys another battlefield 3 sniping
montage i'm gonna start off this montage
with with like regular montage in like
he kills cut together on some some
medium and long-range distance us then
I'm not gonna switch over to some
unedited the videos of close quarter
sniping and then some weird and awesome
shots in the end sadly I don't have any
of that that really kick-ass long typing
like six seven eight hundred meters so
900 even and this time I actually
haven't sniped that much so I basically
had to cut together the little material
i had as i as i always said I'm no
problem i just cut together good good
games and I just haven't played long
range sniper that much but I tried to
play some some short range sniper and to
have a little bit of fun with the sniper
and train with shorter distances and
since I feel that I kind of a country to
get better I'm not saying I'm pro but I
can't really get any better than I am
right now with long distances and maybe
when it comes to moving target and
because I'm not really good bitch moving
targets at least not when they're like
really far away but I think you guys are
gonna like the ending at least even
though the long-range sniping isn't does
kick asses the last one I will make sure
key to place more long-range sniping for
the next montage to kind of change it up
so it so it isn't like the XA same thing
every time because it's kind of boring
to watch it if it's exactly the same at
least that's what I think I don't know
you guys may leave a comment in the
comment section below telling me what
kind of sniping montage you like it's
not this one either I don't know oh gosh
fucking Alliance woke up its it's
basically like eleven o'clock in Sweden
today and the Sun is
gonna be out for like three more hours
then it's probably gonna set then it's
gonna be pitch dark before it's even sri
akal basically before even I get time to
eat dinner stupid Swedish son got David
but yeah then then that nevermind so the
same and oh gosh I'm having so much fun
with bad of it there's so much different
things you can do i uploaded them for
for anybody who didn't see it a shotgun
sniper video the other day with some
conquest action on grand bazaar where I
used them the m700 the or what the hell
it's call or 800 set 870 MCS or
something like that dis my current it's
like a it's like act I don't know like
pump action shotgun that's what it's
called with a six-time scope and then oh
what the fuck is it cold and the sabot
round or the slogan and oh my god it
went so well it was a live commentary
Cuban and as I always tell you guys I'm
definitely no pro at battlefield so it's
like running five games that that even
have a good score and when i actually
get a good score whilst doing a live
commentary i mean i get so excited
because you don't want to like sit and
do like 10,000 live commentary stats
that's but Harry we seasoned really cool
and I don't really know how I managed to
get the hand Shelton that lost guy
because if fucking hell I got like a
Mixel up my ass almost right surprise
buttsecks by a missile and right there I
don't know if you guys saw that but
right when I kill the guy might game
like like crazy I got a good graphic
card decent processor everything is is
better than than it needs to be to
handle bal feel but for some reason
every like two or three minutes my
battlefield lacks and this is the crème
de la crème of this oh my god I was so
proud of this too not a shot means three
not i miss the shot missed and goddamn
line is long shot but I get for people
right there in rapid succession and I
think I could have gotten
and here comes the weird kills as we're
basically I don't know what fuck
happened there you saw like the king was
was delayed here comes another one a
nice both and I got both guys and the
final kill so the clip is ending here
thank you guys so much for watching by
the way he's form thing I think that's
why I get the head shot from that guy
but thank you guys for watching us you
shall have a wonderful day bye bye